[DOCS] Expands transforms docs with CCS info (#70156)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/limitations.asciidoc

performance impact of calculating field values at query time can significantly 
slow the {transform}. Use an indexed field as a time field when using 
{transforms}.

[discrete]
[[transforms-ccs-limitation]]

> === {transforms-cap} supports {ccs} if the remote cluster configured properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== {transforms-cap} support {ccs} if the remote cluster is configured properly
```

If you use <<modules-cross-cluster-search,{ccs}>>, the remote cluster must 
support the search and aggregations you use in your {transforms}. 

> {transforms-cap} validate their configuration, if it fails and you use {ccs}, 

Reviewer: Not mandatory, but I wasn't sure if "it" referred to the transform or the validation or the configuration:
```suggestion
{transforms-cap} validate their configuration; if you use {ccs} and the validation fails, 
```
